Patch 431 (#452)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/iam/empty-groups.md

| **Recommended Action** | Remove unused groups without users |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for IAM. </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/empty-groups/step2.png"/>
3. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "User Groups" under "Access management". </br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/empty-groups/step3.png"/>

> 4. Under the "User Groups" configuration panel check the "Users" column.If the "Users" column won't have any user make sure to delete that "Group" as it could potentially introduce risks in the future. Select the "Groups" with no user.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/empty-groups/step4.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the "User Groups" configuration panel check the "Users" column. If the "Users" column won't have any user make sure to delete that "Group" as it could potentially introduce risks in the future. Select the "Groups" with no user.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/empty-groups/step4.png"/>
```

> 4. Under the "User Groups" configuration panel check the "Users" column. If the "Users" column won't have any user make sure to delete that "Group" as it could potentially introduce risks in the future. Select the "Groups" with no user.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/empty-groups/step4.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the "User Groups" configuration panel check the "Users" column. If the "Users" column won't have any user make sure to delete that "Group" as it can potentially increase risks in the future. Select the "Groups" with no user.</br><img src="/resources/aws/iam/empty-groups/step4.png"/>
```
